PMM-13807 doc fingerprint keywords (#3975)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/release-notes/3.2.0.md

- [PMM-13635](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13635) - Fixed an issue in the **MongoDB collections overview dashboard** where computation of the values for a few panels were incorrect. Fixed the Top 5 Databases By Size panel to show correct data based on the MongoDB node and Replication set filters.

> - [PMM-13807](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13807) - Fixed an issue where `pmm-agent` crashes when it tries to get the fingerprint of a query that uses the "value" keyword as a column name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-13807](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13807) - Fixed an issue where `pmm-agent`would crash when processing MySQL slow-log queries containing a column named *Value*. This fix ensures`pmm-agent` properly handles queries with reserved keywords used as column names.
```
